chore(frontend-canister): remove `certified-assets` dependency on dfx (#2480)
dfinity/sdk: src/distributed/README.md

# Building the Asset Canister

> The `assetstorage.wasm.gz` and `assetstorage.did` files here are built using `dfx build` in the
> https://github.com/dfinity/certified-assets repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `assetstorage.wasm.gz` and `assetstorage.did` files here are built using scripts/update-frontend-canister.sh in this repo.
```
